Speak, people , I'm Rodrigo, and today we
let's talk about regime 2 the first
the Chinese smartphone finds the mir
brazil which is the maybe incoming android
but I would say a middleman
I think you'll agree to the
General balance that I will make but to
front
it is equipped with a snapdragon chip
410 14 string and 1.2 GHz 8GB
storage with expansion via micro sd
1 GB RAM and 8 Megapixel Camera
rear with flash and 2 megapixels
front
in addition it has of the chip and 4g or it gives
to say that there is a good configuration
Behaving goes like this.
as his own look is also
behaved does not have any great
highlight is all discreet with rear
matte and rounded edges
but I would still say that this
simplicity has its charm there
some people have come to this day
his appearance while wearing collaborates
with the fact that the screen a ips of
4.7 inches with HD resolution
she is very cute colors that angles
vision are legal
I can even say that currently in the
the price range under which scheme 2 is
sold does not have any so beautiful screen
How old is that?
and curiously at least for me
which also makes a good impression on the
scheme 2 is the operating system it
behind and yes in that respect I go
confess that my language
That's because I've always liked android
pure as close as possible to pure and
so it's easy to find a name you created
called mio aig version 6
at first glance looks very much like the
apple west
and I thought putz this should be a
in a Chinese clone but in the
my dear practice I was wrong but the
icons look like the icons on the
iphone apps are all in
home screen like iphone but the truth
is that my Haiti has several
various design features that are
own
in the animations utilities that it
features or mainly in the functions
cool stuff that are included
there are good ideas as a
possible to move her are various icons
at the same time they were married and several
settings
allow you to change a lot whether the function
of the capacitive buttons below the screen
be the items you display in the
top bar notifications is
crowned led notifications is below
the display power management
finally finding through the settings menu
You'll realize that you can change a lot.
thing , of course, a
themes that allow downloading of data
new visuals although having a lot of crap
among the available options I 've spoken
the capacitive buttons and could not
to say that they do not have
own lighting in addition are of color
something different is not a
kind of red that shines brightly
when you sun is good but what
it does not help in the dark so the
unusual in life 5 when not
There is light, you have to get used to it.
in knowing their position
still about mine the good news is
that it does not appear to have an impact
performance of the device
on the contrary it looks like an interface
light and dated masquerades certain milk
and two controls made nice from each other.
to see
in general I repeat here she really is
nice to use but we're not going either
travel a lot on the performance of the
scheme 2 with the specifications that it
is a device that will run very
well most of the time but in
moments will also suffer with the
22 lines after opening and closing
some heavy applications or after
a very intense multi task
In other words, you can roll slows
that are not serious are expected and
certainly has to do with the amount of
of the device a gigabyte that today
day is just ok
I must say that there was also a
slowness while turning the asphalt
and eight in the middle of a race, which
it was very nice
after a network if everything returned to the
normal but still the record
and of course you have to leave the remark that
turning well or not the m2 will not be the
best smartphone in the world for gaming
for the simple fact that this version
sold in Brazil only has 8 gb of
internal storage and there are
45 gigas for the user to use
and it is not possible to install
applications on the memory card
Of course if you do hood
and if that procedure can even
release that installation on the card
will lighten the internal memory a little
but for those who do not have conca with it the
standard space is sufficient to install
but does not bring big games
you set up where you'll be staying nearby
of the limit
and whatever the situation may be, put a
micro sd card to help with photos and
videos will be a good one I recommend on
phone advertisement find it tells me
he has a battery that lasts all day
and I have to say that this is true
It is true even the 2200 military now
together with the organizations mio ae
doing what that citizen can withstand
quiet a day of common use with your
16 hours on, being four hours and
half to five hours of screen on the
this in the standard power mode which is the
balanced by placing it in the
performance the brands fall a little more
there is still a legal standard
only the parliament and sees no reason to
to go out of balance in time
Some do not know when I went to test a game
heavy and finally the m2 cameras also
was viable considering that the
smartphone 500 tale competes with you
more expensive devices in this
which captures images with a good
speed and a good level of detail
the camera gives a force in saturation
when you turn on hdr mode as well
take a little longer to take a photo
crazy dr
but I particularly like the
results in open or
closed
Of course the front camera has that
function bill and was the one with that charm
so much that it takes away the imperfections of
face in elfes let's say like this
recommends using in moderation in the
low intensity because it is used in the
high
You will leave the photo, it looks like a doll.
on the video part he films in full
hd with the rear at 720p with the front
I think the states are ok but it's a
pity that the microphone will not cancel the noise
wind and then outdoors
together tend to be quite
noise
the state is curious because the
noise canceling is good
already the recording of the videos is not 2 staff
I would say in a way that regime 2 is a
device that will survive the expectation that
the shell created me on it in the networks
social
see for 500 with another currently
people buy a motorcycle, it's how
positive point the pure android and the battery
or an iphone 5 that has 2gb of ram
the m2 has good battery has android that does not
it is pure but that is a separate case has
cameras that are much better than
engine and is gaining from cefor in many
situations
besides the 4g chip that the iphone 5 do not have
of course this very partial comparison
there are other points but I am
I mentioned to illustrate with a key
is well positioned in this range
price currently as footnote I
I did not get to stand out but the device
also offers
cloud storage of charm and such
still on the software while
I used two updates
I'm hoping that at some point
they add support for applications
in the micro usb card and it does not cost to dream
Anyway, we only have this model of
eight gigs here in Brazil
I hope you liked this video
staff if liked please click
I liked it if your first time in
click channel to subscribe to it
follow up on videos on
youtube second in social networks and today
I'm going to stay here
hug to you and paulo